UPDATE week0 week4 (#47)
ethereum/zket-core-program: 2024/week4_plonk.md

# Week 4 - PLONK

> The exercise this week is required to do, your group has to publish a blogpost on PLONK and present at the end of the week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recall that you should have some basic knowledge of Rust from completing [Rustlings](https://rustlings.cool/) in Week 0. The required exercise this week is to publish a blogpost on PLONK and present it at the end of the week with your group.
```

Reviewer: Added some clarification. Once you correct this (and the other suggestion), I will merge! Thanks!
